They have a problem with their crayfish
Lin, you sell poisoned shrimp.
Your heart is so dark
That's impossible.
My crayfish are fresh every day
How come?
The adult is the one who sells poisoned shrimp
Why is it not?
Sir, listen to my explanation
The horse hotel opened in the east of the city today
It is said to have eaten a person to death
That's simply not possible.
And I haven't hired anyone lately.
The store was not operated before.
Dare to quibble in the face of facts
Arrest him for me
Yes, go back to the yamen
Hello uncle
Oops oops
Brother Lin
How did you get caught?
Tomorrow you will open two stores each in Chengdong and Chengnan
His name is Lin's Ma Xiao
Remember you have to give me a lot of publicity
Hey, Big Joe
Didn't you already give Li one or two hundred taels?
Then you are stupid
How is 200 taels enough?
I'm going to open four more by then
Transfer all to Lin Yi
After he is completely hooked
I'll let him go bankrupt
At that time, you can only give me Chow Tai Fook.
When the cow becomes a horse
Hahaha he is awesome
Chow Tai Fook, did you frame me?
Don't talk nonsense
I'm a serious businessperson
Ah!
Ha sensible words
Hurry up and sign the body seller for me
Hand over the crayfish recipe
I can keep you alive
Bah, don't even think about it.
You made me do that.
The adult prisoner has been brought to you
You are guilty
What am I guilty of?
The crayfish you sold killed people
Isn't that a sin?
The store in the east of the city is not mine at all
and
I didn't know they had crayfish in them.
Oh my lord he is lying
The villain and he are partners
This guy told me to make it from fresh lobster
Ma Xiao will charge it with a pile of stinky fish and rotten shrimp.
When the villain arrived, he was already dead